### faust flangerOSC

Here's a delay combined with two flangers (one in the feedback loop), controllable by the ESP32-A1S audio dev board's buttons (3 parameters up/down) as well as OSC over WiFi (7 parameters).

This example shows OSC control of the patch parameters using TouchOSC, though I suppose anything which generates OSC messages could be used.  The TouchOSC file is included.  The phase buttons in the supplied touchosc file aren't hooked up yet in the code.

Right now, the WiFi SSID and password are hard wired in wifi.cpp.  Maybe I'll figure out how to integrate the setup which uses an Android app and saves that info to the NVRAM.

The OSC code used is not official Faust support for OSC, so it's a bit of a hack.  For that reason, the C++ code generated by Faust needs to be modified after generation to make the "fUI" element public rather than private.

Normally, this line in flangerOSC.h gets put in the "private" section of the flangerOSC class.  It needs to be moved to the "public" section instead.  This will have to be done each time you generate the DSP C++ code from the Faust source.

`MapUI* fUI;`

Another assumption is that you have checked out the faust repo to ~/github/faust.  See main/CMakeLists.txt if you wish to change the include path.

It is stereo-mono in and out.

Key 1: echo delay level down<br>
Key 2: echo delay level up<br>
Key 3: LFO rate down<br>
Key 4: LFO rate up<br>
Key 5: LFO width down<br>
Key 6: LFO width up<br>

See main.cpp for the button control mapping to parameters in the Faust code.<br>
The button code came from: https://github.com/craftmetrics/esp32-button<br>
The OSC code came from: https://github.com/droosenb/faust-on-ESP32/tree/master/LyraT_OSC_simple
